hey guys agent blue here for a segment
I'm going to call bullet points it's
basically going to be me talking about
different aspects of the game that you
guys have asked me about or something
that I've taken the time to analyze and
I think maybe you could benefit from my
insight I'm not an expert at this game I
have been playing for a few months and
except for a few Facebook gift cards
I've been playing pretty much free and
those were gifts so one of you asked me
how did I get all the characters and not
only do I have all of these characters i
also have a bunch of different uniforms
for each of them including all of the
avengers alternate uniforms and the
Future Foundation uniforms as well as
the Phoenix five uniforms accepting to
the short answer is that you have to use
your command points along the longer
answer is while how do I get those
command points one of the easiest ways
to get command points is 25 * all of
your missions there are six missions in
a chapter including the premium and 1c
five star you get five command points
which means you get 30 command points by
completing an entire chapter and since
there are 10 chapters so far you can get
300 command points by just playing
through the game normally on top of that
you'll also be getting 60 gold which is
an additional hundred twenty command
points if you're willing to do that
you'll also get a chance through every
boss that you face to go to their boss
roulette boss roulette has won three or
five command points now back in the day
when you wanted to farm for command
points they used to drop by critically
hitting an epic boss or boss and a lot
of people would go to mission 23 unlock
the epic boss Electra because she had a
ton of HP and she hit really hard but
you could crit her lose on purpose keep
the command point and then spend another
10 energy to get another command point
and it literally meant you could have
of command points in a week it was very
boring it didn't make for good gameplay
and honestly it probably cut into the
profits that Platon was making on people
buying gold to spend on command points
to buy characters now I knew a player
doesn't have this option unfortunately
but you do have some things you could
try to rely on the daily roulette but
yeah you're oftentimes spending money
that you don't need to spend on things
that you don't really want see that
awful four times in a row not worth it
right so what do you do as a new player
I would recommend going to chapter one
or chapter 73 each of these only has
three missions in the entire chapter you
get to the boss you get a chance at 13
or five command points if you happen to
have storm then perhaps chapter 44 is
more your speed now if you go to chapter
11 or 73 you're only going to be
spending 30 energy which means that you
can spend 60 energy and have two chances
at 13 or five command points but I like
to fight for four because it's 70 energy
to get not only the boss but also
magneto who is the epic boss once you
get there you have a chance at three
five or ten commandments I'm willing to
spend the extra ten energy for a chance
at more command points on average so if
that's if that's something you can do if
you have storm and if you have the
energy refills or the patience to wait
for the energy to refill on its own
spending some any energy to try to get
an epic boss is not bad and if you don't
have magnetic field generator you're
going to be farming this guy anyway so
that's all I can tell you about command
points you can spend gold on them if you
want I do every once in a while and you
do earn gold by leveling up so it's not
impossible to get command points it's
just it may take some time and effort
and energy but definitely start by five
starring all of your missions as soon as
possible okay that's all for command
points if you guys have any more
questions about that feel free to ask
um I i do encourage you to use if you've
gotten if you've unlocked your character
like i have four vol cree go back in and
try to five star all of the special ops
missions that's an additional 5 10 15
command points right there + 135 grand
points from each of their boss roulettes
and 3 5 or 10 from their epic boss it's
better than trying to spin gold to reset
the roulette that's all for now on this
bullet points on the next bullet points
i plan on talking about how to create an
away team that doesn't lose so many
battles while you're asleep because as
we all know you can be in the top point
five percent one day and then when you
wake up you're down 149 points and you
have no clue what happened I'll try to
give you some insight about that I
haven't quite figured it out a hundred
percent myself but I'm gonna do the best
I can that's all for this video uh in
the next video it's going to be another
PDP battle now you may notice that i'm
already at 0.5% which puts me at the
adamantium league and i don't have all
of the videos that led up to that ax man
tim league status but that's because a
lot of the battles that i was fighting
were the exact same characters and the
exact same teams over and over and over
again and if you see me beat one you've
seen me beat them all because my battle
strategy does not change but now that
I'm in the top point five percent the
people that I'm fighting have different
strategies and they have a different
caliber of weapon I'm going to go
through and show you some of the cool
teams that I've faced and I hope you
enjoy those videos a little bit more
than you did the ones building up to
that point i also want to show you the
volatility of the of the environment
where you can be at point five percent
one day and then all of a sudden at the
top 10% the next it's very frustrating
and i am not comfortable just being at
point five I want to make my rating as
high as possible so that I stay in a
two-man team league for as long
as possible I know there's only 13 days
remaining but that is a long 13 days
until next time agent blue signing off